I play unikitty she's an amazing
character first of all she is half
kitten half unicorn which means that she
looks like a kitten but she has a horn
and she's she's a little bigger like you
know she's like a horse sized cat in the
world of lace she's she is kind of I'm
always surprised at how big she looks
kind of next to some of the other
characters because she's part unicorn so
it's just is what it is
she is the princess Queen if you will of
cloud cuckoo-land
which in its essence is like a wonderful
kids playground where anything that you
could imagine that's fun and light and
happy exists she's all about gumballs
and cotton candy and and Happiness and
there's no rules and you can build
whatever you want you could do whatever
you want but just don't cross her
because she has quite a temper
Phil and Chris are incredible I'm such a
fan of their work and they're just
they're so fun and easygoing and it made
it just really fun it made it really fun
we uh you know I talked about the ad
libbing and and even after months of
animation going back in to pick up some
extra lines here and there they're still
letting me ad-lib and they're ad-libbing
and we're adding stuff that you know you
can tell the animators are like oh god
stop changing the dialogue but they just
want it to be as funny as possible and
their sensibility is really such that
that this movie is totally for adults as
much as it is for kids and when I see
the scenes that I'm not in as well as
just the product put together the jokes
really land it's hilarious these guys
are so fun and funny it really it just
translates